ARIA snapshot testing (#751)
CrowdStrike/glide-core: .changeset/tasty-doors-trade.md

Reviewer: Love to see these being caught by the tooling here!

Author: Me too!

---
'@crowdstrike/glide-core': patch
---

- Dropdown no longer presents as expanded to screenreaders when open but disabled.

> - Single-select Dropdown now presents to screenreaders as disabled when disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
- Non-filterable Dropdown now presents to screenreaders as disabled when disabled.
```
